PUT ON YOUR HEADPHONES

This is the single best technique to get productive. Idk how something can be that powerful.
Live with your headphones. Track the time.

PHONE SHOULD BE FAR AWAY

Please don't get addicted, if you hold your phone from start of the day you probably lost 4 hours already.

START YOUR COMPUTER AND SIT IN FRONT OF IT

There is only one way you to make money, which is being connected to a computer.
All the other times that you spend are just a waste of time and worthless. 
And there is a higher chance that you would get bored and hold your phone.
You need information to pass the time. Only productive information is at your computer.

FIND THE TOPIC TO WORK ON AND OPEN 5 YOUTUBE VIDEOS

So you put your headphones on, your phone is far away and you sit infront of the computer.
But you don't want to work. Because you don't have any motivation.
Watch some youtube videos about your work topic and you will feel more confident on working.

TRACKING TIME

Idk about that. Should I really track the time, if I put headphones on and sitting in front of the computer.
Sometimes I get bored and sit up from the computer. I need to track the time to come back.
I need to do more expiriment.

Maybe I should set 2-3 hours timers (this is usually the time I get bored and don't understand the text anymore)
After 2-3 hours take a 15 minutes break, get some fresh air.

GO TO OUTSIDE, TAKE SOME FRESH AIR

Every 2 hours or some time, you should go out and take some fresh air.
After 15 minutes when you came back to your computer you will recognize that your understanding will be better.
You should track the time and should NOT get addicted to your phone in the process.

WHEN YOU GET STRESSED WITH LOVE

You know the times you get extremely anxious about love and being alone.
No matter how hard you try you can't focus your self onto your work and you just sit there and be sad.
At those times, don't try to force yourself to work.
Open PhraseReader and read a book.
Using your voice will make you feel better.



TODO

Find a way to track time. 
Chrome extension
Phone
Windows app
Python script

You can syncrinize the taking-a-break time with your food time.