VIDEO IS GOOD, TEXT IS BAD

This is my motto for learning. Anything in text format is not best for learning. Visuals and audio is the most important part.

Sit in front of the computer and jump from tutorial to tutorial. +5 seconds button is being spamed. And only got straight to the point.
You will learn most surface things(%20 of all the information) but those are the %80 of all you need to do the job. 

COMPUTER IS GOOD, PHONE IS BAD

From the beginning of university, I always dreamed of only using phone to learn everything, even you can do the programing, and you can install windows xp to your phone
Bullshit. Computer is always better. Faster cpu, faster typing, applications are design to help you, on the other hand phone applications are designed to limit you. 

HEADPHONES ARE GOOD, ANY OTHER OPTION IS BAD

This is the best tool for focusing your concentration. Time flies by when your headphones are on.

TRACKING TIME IS GOOD, NOT TRACKING IS BAD

Be more constructed. Dedicate the time and stick with it. Dont fall into gaming or useless youtube's trap.
Sometimes even working out is hard but dedicating the time makes it easier because I know the finish line.

COMMUNITY IS GOOD, DOING IT ALONE IS BAD

You have to accept it, if there are no people around you, then you will lose interest in your project.
I know it is stupid, I know it doesnt make sense but it is what it is. Us human are sent to this world to make relationships and collect experiences from each other.
I know that if you look yourself into a room with a computer and book, you can be much more productive but humans are not designed like that.
You have to be part of community. A2 class in Ekstreme dershane was the reason the make me pass the university exam. Cafeinn was the reason to make me intersted in LoL.
IKAL was the reason to make me play chesa. Community is everything. 

Youtube is an artificial community, and you can trick your mind that you are part of one. Forums are the same (gamemakertr).
Books are the worst way to trick your mind into being in community. There is no visuals no audio.
You can use Text to speech for audio but it has flaws and it is not really a community. It is 1v1 you and the author.
On the other hand you can read the comments on youtube and forums. Even in reddit. Thats why reddit is big.

BEING CONNECTED TO A COMPUTER IS GOOD, LIVING NORMAL LIFE IS BAD

There is only one way you to make money, which is being connected to a computer. All the other times that you spend are just a waste of time and worthless. 

GO TO TIKTOK > YOUTUBE > VSCODE CONSECUTIVELY 

Tiktok has 15 seconds videos that are straight to the point. Instant motivation. 
Youtube has 10 minutes videos, you can get motivated and go more in depth with the topic
Vscode is where you take action. But firstly you need to get motivated and you need an idea to implement. Tiktok and youtube provides that.

Open tiktok, type to search bar coding, data science, python etc.
You can use tiktok for any type of motivation

DON'T FALL IN LOVE WITH THE TOOL, FALL IN LOVE WITH THE PROJECT

Don't focus on learning a tool, start creating a project and choose tools along the way.
And only learn the part that are only necessary for this project.
Not more, not less. Only to enough to finish the project.
%20 of a tool and information is %80 of all the information you need to finish your project.

READ THE TEXT WITH YOUR CURSOR

Double click the text(select it), move your cursor as you read along.
I don't know how it works but this is the best way to understand the text.
